you
for it admits to gas mileage blunders
the summer of recalls continues and we
help you find the car you should really
drive it's the week in Reverse right
here at the car connection it was an
embarrassing week for Ford Motor Company
the automaker confessed to making a
blunder in calculating fuel economy on
several of its small cars and hybrids
owners of the fusion and MKZ hybrids the
c-max in the fiesta will get cash
payments of up to one thousand and fifty
dollars from ford as a make good on
lower observed fuel economy GM announced
another round of recalls this week
including nearly four hundred and
sixty-five thousand Camaros for an issue
similar to the company's ignition switch
problems a huge recall of more than
eight hundred and forty-four thousand
toyota lexus and pontiac models going
back ten years or more is aimed at
fixing flawed airbag components this was
a big week for Tesla Motors in the news
at the California company is finally on
the up and up for sales in new jersey
been CEO Elon Musk made a radical move
giving other automakers free license to
use Tesla's charging patents so long as
those automakers agreed to charging
electric cars for free what car should
you really drive anyone and everyone who
drives probably ask themselves this
question at some point we think you'll
get some amusement and possibly some
insight out of our new survey tool which
figures out if you're a Tesla kind of
guy a Mustang gal or maybe an f-150 fam
it's not really summer yet but it's
already the time of year when new models
are announced almost daily the
redesigned BMW x6 comes this fall as
does a new 5-door version of the Mini
Cooper we also have the full story on
the first new Alfa Romeo in decades the
turbocharged twin clutch Alfa 4c sports
car and finally this week the king of
the hill gets more power GM's drops a
new performance figures for its upcoming
chevrolet corvette zo6 and at 650
horsepower it's the automaker's most
powerful car ever
you